For this exercise, you explore the CVE and NVD websites.
To find out vulnerabilities about common technologies,
really is you start with the website and click on "Search the CVE List".
In the search bar,
you can put in whatever application you want.
For example, let's look at Google Chrome, click "Submit".
This then brings up a very long list
of all of the known vulnerabilities associated with Chrome.
Let me show you what one looks like.
If we go into CVE 2020-6484,
we can learn what's the description and how it could potentially be exploited.
The type of threat like this as a remote attacker can bypass navigation restrictions.
To learn more about the vulnerability,
you can then go to the National Vulnerability Database entry about it,
which provides more details on this specific vulnerability,
and which versions of Chrome will correct it.
What I really appreciate about the NVD site,
you see the base score here,
giving it a 6.5 out of 10 scale.
This will tell you how quickly you should potentially patch this type of a vulnerability.
Take some time exploring both the NVD and the CVE websites,
to learn more about the vulnerability management process.